In the person of our new ambassador, the American people will find a true Japanese every inch of that six footer.
But at the same time, a vehicle of international trust and confidence.
We must recover confidence among nations. That is what the world should gladly need at this moment.
I am confident that Admiral Nomura will prove a worthy successor to Mr. Horinouchi,
who ably assisted by his charming wife has won the heart of the Americans.
Might I be permitted to take advantage of this occasion publicly to tender Mr. and Mrs. Horinouchi
my deepest appreciation and thanks for their untiring efforts for the cause of American-Japanese friendship.
I think the days of small things are now definitely over.
We must think big and act big. It is no time to deal in small change.
We must trade in larger currencies or rather ingots of gold.
Namely, we must see eye to eye regarding each other's position and policy.
In this connection, it may not be irrelevant to recall a witty French saint,
an equivalent of Napoleon that not make a Napoleon.
I admit that it is not quite proper to compare Admiral Nomura to Napoleon,
but for obvious reasons the French never had a coin named after Nelson.
The appointment of Admiral Nomura, I may say, is an eloquent indication of what my government
have in mind in regard to Japan's relations with the United States of America.